## Instructions

- Delete this block before adding to your repository. 

- Delete any instructions you see below they will be within < >
  
- This schedule should reflect the meetings from the start of the project until the end of the semester.

- Write at least 1 meeting per week until the end of the semester

  
## Meetings
### 2022-04-18 at 4:30pm
<meeting template would go here>
<only fill in template once you had the meeting>
- Attendance: Tri, Kevin, Jasper, Trung
- Team updates:
   - Kevin is implementing changing password, Trung is 
implementing composing message, Jasper is implementing search 
mesages, and Tri is working on remove friend

### 2022-04-22 at 10:30pm
<meeting template would go here>
<only fill in template once you had the meeting>
- Attendance: Tri, Kevin, Jasper, Trung
- Team updates:
   - Kevin is implementing changing password
   - Trung is upgrading composing 
message
   - Jasper is implementing search mesages
   - Tri is working on debugging the todo component
- pair-programming (optional) (25 mins): Trung and Kevin

- Summarize group progress: We completed login, compose, and create account requirement. Working on search messages, changing password, and todo component
 ### 2022-04-26 at 4:30pm
- attendance: Trung, Kevin, Jasper, Tri
- Team updates (15min or less)
  <Each team member gives an update of what they did from the last meeting and what they plan to do next. If they are stuck, bring it up here to see if others can help.>
  - <Trung> worked on the compose requirement and planning to help other team members.
  - <Kevin> has been working on changing the password requirement and about 75% complete and planing on finishing up the requirement.
  - <Jasper> has been working on the search bar and already have the drop down menu for sort and he's plannign on finish up the sort.
  - <Tri> has finished Todo component requirement and planning on completing the relationship for add and delete friend.


- pair-programming (optional) (25 mins)
  <- Pair program on one part of the project. Driver will be the person responsible for that requirement.>

- Summarize group progress
